Document Opentelemetry Drop-In Support for Go (#24185)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/interoperability/instrumentation_libraries.md

Then, follow the instructions of your chosen opentelemetry-go-contrib library to instrument your service.

Example:
```
import (
	"fmt"
	"log"
	"net/http"

	ddotel "gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/ddtrace/opentelemetry"
	ddtracer "gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/ddtrace/tracer"

	"go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp"
	"go.opentelemetry.io/otel"
)

func main() {
	// register tracer
	provider := ddotel.NewTracerProvider(ddtracer.WithDebugMode(true))
	defer provider.Shutdown()
	otel.SetTracerProvider(provider)

	// configure the server with otelhttp instrumentation: https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp
	var mux http.ServeMux
	mux.Handle("/hello", http.HandlerFunc(hello))
	http.HandleFunc("/hello", hello)
	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8080", otelhttp.NewHandler(&mux, "server")))
}

func hello(w http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
	fmt.Fprintf(w, "hello\n")
}
```

> 

Author: <img width="1219" alt="go-otel-dropin-support" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/821b0285-72a9-4f85-b220-9299a110bfae">

> 

Author: TODO: Include screenshot of the trace

| Java     | v1.35.0                  |
| Python   | v2.10.0                  |
| Ruby     | v2.1.0                   |

> | Go       | v1.67.0                  |

Reviewer: We don't have the 1.67 version yet, so it might be misleading for another month or so

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to say v1.65.0 (it has everything except the Span Events APIs) and then once v1.67.0 lands we can update this?

Reviewer 2: Closing this. In Stuart's main PR we simply entered v1.65.0

> | Go       | v1.65.0 (Span event support planned for v1.67.0)|

Author: @neko-dd , any thoughts on this formatting/wording?

Reviewer 3: We do not document the future, so this doesn't work. It should just have the current version, and get another update when the 1.67 version is available.

Reviewer 3: If you need to say that span events are not supported somewhere, you can add that, but not in a way that implies that they will be in the future.

{{% /tab %}} -->

{{% tab "Go" %}}

## Compatibility requirements

> The Datadog SDK for Go supports library instrumentations written using the [Opentelemetry-Go Trace API][1]. This includes the [opentelemetry-go-contrib/instrumentation][2] libraries, however, anything that relies on metrics or logs exporters is not supported at this time.

Author: I wasn't sure how to be more specific/accurate. Looking for guidance, if any.

> The Datadog SDK for Go supports library instrumentations written using the [Opentelemetry-Go Trace API][1]. This includes the [opentelemetry-go-contrib/instrumentation][2] libraries, however, anything that relies on metrics or logs exporters is not supported at this time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Datadog SDK for Go supports library instrumentations written using the [Opentelemetry-Go Trace API][1], including the [`opentelemetry-go-contrib/instrumentation`][2] libraries, but it does not support any integration that relies on metrics or logs exporters.
```

Is integration the right word for near the end of that sentence? Or should that be "instrumentation"? I wasn't sure.

## Getting started

> Set up the Datadog trace provider and configure Opentelemetry to use the Datadog trace provider as per the Imports and Setup instructions listed in the [Go Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API guide][3].

Author: The "setup" instructions and example (that is, imports & configuring the tracer) are already included in the linked doc. I didn't think it made sense to duplicate the information, but I also acknowledge the linking may require a lot of skipping around for the reader and could be confusing which parts of the linked doc to follow vs which can be left.

> Set up the Datadog trace provider and configure Opentelemetry to use the Datadog trace provider as per the Imports and Setup instructions listed in the [Go Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API guide][3].
> 
> Then, follow the instructions of your chosen opentelemetry-go-contrib library to instrument your service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set up the Datadog trace provider and configure Opentelemetry to use the Datadog trace provider, perform the following steps:

 1. Follow the steps in the Imports and Setup sections of the [Go Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][3] page.
1. Follow the instructions for instrumenting your service with your chosen `opentelemetry-go-contrib` library.
```

Can you expand more on the second item above? Is it obvious where they find those instructions? Are those external instructions that don't involve Datadog stuff? Etc

Author: @neko-dd , 
Generally speaking, the customers reading this doc are familiar with opentelemetry integrations, and already have their hands on an integration that they'd like to integrate with ddtrace. Each integration will have its own setup instructions and I can't think up a generic link to paste here.
After the trace provider is configured, they follow Otel instructions (not Datadog). And there are no more Datadog components required.

> Example:

Reviewer 3: Change this to something like "The following is an example using the _____ library:"

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```go
```

{{% /tab %}} -->

{{% tab "Go" %}}

## Compatibility requirements

The Datadog SDK for Go supports library instrumentations written using the [Opentelemetry-Go Trace API][1], including the [`opentelemetry-go-contrib/instrumentation`][2] libraries, but it does not support integrations that rely on metrics or logs exporters.

## Setup

To use Opentelemetry integrations with the Datadog tracing library, perform the following steps:

>  1. Follow the steps in the Imports and Setup sections of the [Go Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][3] page.
>  2. Follow the instructions for instrumenting your service with your chosen `opentelemetry-go-contrib` library.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 1. Follow the instructions in the Imports and Setup sections of the [Go Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][3] page.
 2. Follow the steps for instrumenting your service with your chosen `opentelemetry-go-contrib` library.
```

> The following is an example instrumenting the net/http library with the Datadog Tracer and Opentelemetry's net/http integration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is an example instrumenting the `net/http` library with the Datadog Tracer and Opentelemetry's `net/http` integration:

```

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/tree/main/trace

Reviewer 2: FYI these links need to be added to come before Go's `{{% /tab %}}` closing for the links in the Go section to work properly
